feat: Add basic docs on numbers (#198)
grain-lang/grain-lang.org: src/constructs/numbers.md

title: Numbers
---

> Grain has a unified number type, called `Number`, which contains integer (whole) numbers, floating-point (decimal) numbers, and rational (fractional) numbers. Grain also has separate integer and float types for programs which require more precise typechecking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grain has a unified number type, called `Number`, which contains integer (whole) numbers, floating-point (decimal) numbers, and rational (fractional) numbers. Grain also has separate fixed-length integer and float types for programs which require more precise typechecking.
```
Worth mentioning the fixed-length property of them?

```grain
42 // an integer
```

```grain
1.23 // a floating-point number
```

```grain
1/3 // a rational number

> ```

Reviewer: Move these into their section, because it sounds weird to start the sections with "Also" or "In addition"

## Number Syntax

### Integers

To make an integer more readable, underscores can be used throughout the number as a visual separator. The underscores do not affect the value of the number.

```grain
let oneBillion = 1_000_000_000
```

> In addition to decimal numbers, integers can be written in hexadecimal, octal, and binary:

Reviewer: "In addition to decimal numbers"??

Author: Decimal numbers, like base 10. Does it read better if we just drop the word "numbers" here?

Reviewer: Oh. I'm a dummy and don't think of "base 10" as "decimal" 🙃 I usually think of "decimal" like "floating point". Wikipedia says it as "Demical notation" - thoughts? I could also see just saying "base-ten representation" or something.

Author: I like "decimal notation" so let's go with that 👍 
```suggestion
In addition to decimal notation, integers can be written in hexadecimal, octal, and binary:
```

```grain
// hexadecimal
let fourtyTwo = 0x2A // or 0x2a
```

```grain
// octal
let fourtyTwo = 0o52
```

```grain
// binary
let fourtyTwo = 0b101010
```

> Of course, underscores can also be used with these other formats:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And underscores can even be used with these other formats:
```

```grain

> let dec0de = 0b1101_1110_1100_0000_1101_1110

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let decode = 0b1101_1110_1100_0000_1101_1110
```

Why a zero in the name?

Author: That's the binary sequence for the hexadecimal value `0xdec0de`. Could use something else I guess, but there aren't a ton of good sequences that are also words :/

Reviewer: So punny 😛 I can see us getting "typo" PRs about it so maybe add a comment?

Author: Yeah, comment sounds good.

```

### Floating-point Numbers

> Floating-point numbers can also be written using scientific notation. In this form, the "significand" part of the number is multiplied by 10 raised to the power of the provided exponent. For example,

Reviewer: See first comment above. Weird to see "can also" when there is no content in this section. So move the normal example in here.

Reviewer: Additionally, I don't know the word "significand", so we should probably explain it or use a more layman way of saying it.

```grain
1.23e3
```

> is computed to be `1.23` times 10 raised to the power of 3, for a value of 1230.

Reviewer: Would this be better as an inline code comment? I generally don't like trailing half-sentences as a way to describe a code block.
